doc: improved parallel specification (#42679)
nodejs/node: doc/contributing/building-node-with-ninja.md

The bottom line will change while building, showing the progress as
`[finished/total]` build steps. This is useful output that `make` does not
produce and is one of the benefits of using Ninja. When using Ninja, builds
are always run in parallel, based by default on the number of CPUs your
system has. You can use the `-j` parameter to override this behavior,
which is equivalent to the `-j` parameter in the regular `make`:

```bash

> make -j [number]

Reviewer: I've never seen use of a space between `-j` and the number in regular `make` 
```suggestion
make -j[number]
```
Maybe t's clearer with a specific example
```suggestion
make -j4 # With this flag, Ninja will limit itself to 4 parallel jobs,
         # regardless of the number of cores on the current machine.
```

Author: LGTM

The bottom line will change while building, showing the progress as
`[finished/total]` build steps. This is useful output that `make` does not

> produce and is one of the benefits of using Ninja. When using Ninja builds

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
produce and is one of the benefits of using Ninja. When using Ninja, builds
```

are always run in parallel, based by default on the number of CPUs your

> system has, you can also use the `-j` parameter if you don't want to use
> all the CPU. This will be the equivalent to the `-j` parameter in the
> regular `make`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
system has. You can use the `-j` parameter to override this behavior,
which is equivalent to the `-j` parameter in the regular `make`:
```
